DM-37555: Update pipeline documentation for image differencing (#294)
lsst/ip_diffim: doc/lsst.ip.diffim/overview_ipdiffim.rst

################
Package overview
################

> The package has different types of pipeline tasks that can perform image 
> subtraction and transient source detection. In some cases there are more
> than one specific implementation available per type of task, this is, 
> different options for image subtraction and source detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ip_diffim`` contains pipeline tasks to perform image subtraction and transient source detection on calibrated exposures and template images.
The various implementations of these tasks are described below.
```

################
Package overview
################

> ``ip_diffim`` contains pipeline tasks to perform image subtraction and transient source detection on calibrated exposures and template images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``ip_diffim`` contains pipeline tasks to perform image subtraction and transient source detection on calibrated exposures, template images, and their image differences.
```

The various implementations of these tasks are described below.

Image subtraction tasks
=======================

The image differencing tasks in this package are implementations of the Alard & Lupton (1998) algorithm (AL) [AL_1998]_, and this can be summarised as applying a kernel determination algorithm in order to match observational properties between two images. 

> The images equalized vary according to which task is used, in combination with configuration parameters of such tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The method to match images varies according to which task is used, in combination with configuration parameters of such tasks.
```

This task is able as well of performing the mentioned `regular` and `auto-convolution` mode of image subtraction. In the former the `template` image is convolved with a kernel,  and in the alternative the _science_ image is the one being transformed with the convolution kernel. 
Finally, the `auto` setting delegates this decision to the task itself, and so when processing a batch of images some might be processed with `convolveTemplate` and the  rest with the `convolveScience` version. 

AlardLuptonPreconvolveSubtractTask
----------------------------------

The `pre-convolve` task runs a preparation stage before applying the AL algorithm itself, so the determination of the kernel for the `template` image is never a "deconvolution" kernel (negative wing profile, as shown in [Kovacs_DMTN-179]_).

In this stage the `science` image is transformed with a convolution kernel :math:`H`, that is tipically the PSF of this image, becoming a "score image" for detection. 
Once this transformation is applied, standard A&L algorithm derives a kernel for the `template` image so it matches the `science score` image properties, and the subtraction is obtained. \

> It is needed to clarify that this result is again a "score" image, and Maximu-Likelihood source detection can be run on it without the standard PSF cross-correlation step. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is needed to clarify that this result is again a "score" image, and Maximum-Likelihood source detection can be run on it without the standard PSF cross-correlation step. 
```
